what's going on matted maniacs I'm
coming new video your boy dampen their
productions and I'm going to a I think
it's 10 husband and 5k pack opening I'm
open up the hood is the the roads to the
playoffs packs okay so this is going to
get into it let's see what I can get
alright so track number one let's see
what can I get so we get supposed to get
one road to the playoffs player I think
two goals in two silvers let's see what
I get here alright i have not bad i
gotta al shipley and a kirk alonso to
that's not a bad pool let's go to the
next thing yes see puff like you one of
those elite players they have some
really good players in in these packs
see all right and I got a orlando
scandrick 83 that was that was a
horrible pool for 21 come on where those
elites a scene
alright got a brandon tate and the Malik
Jackson that wasn't bad two of the roles
of the roads to the playoffs players
that wasn't bad at all let's see all
right got Derek Carr in a rigid Nelson
and then James Jones not bad not bad all
right last pack so on let's go out with
a bang just get it come on all right so
I got a jig me word and so this is
pretty bad text to me I'm I didn't get a
cup of 80s but you know i'm spending a
21 k but it's okay you know so they got
this new promotion going so i'm pretty
sure there's a lot better players are
going to be rolling out so thank you for
liking subscribing and commenting and
thank you for sharing until next video
it's your boy damn piece